Remote write v2: metadata support in every write request (#13394)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/feature_flags.md

Currently Prometheus supports created timestamps only on the traditional Prometheus Protobuf protocol (WIP for other protocols). As a result, when enabling this feature, the Prometheus protobuf scrape protocol will be prioritized (See `scrape_config.scrape_protocols` settings for more details).

Besides enabling this feature in Prometheus, created timestamps need to be exposed by the application being scraped.

> ## Metadata Storage

Author: this title should change

Currently Prometheus supports created timestamps only on the traditional Prometheus Protobuf protocol (WIP for other protocols). As a result, when enabling this feature, the Prometheus protobuf scrape protocol will be prioritized (See `scrape_config.scrape_protocols` settings for more details).

Besides enabling this feature in Prometheus, created timestamps need to be exposed by the application being scraped.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Metadata Storage

> `--enable-features=metadata-storage`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`--enable-features=metadata-storage`
```

Reviewer: Maybe "metadata-in-wal"? unless we also store metadata in the TSDB block (I doubt)

> When enabled, Prometheus will store metadata in-memory and keep track of

Reviewer: In block as well? I assume no

> When enabled, Prometheus will store metadata in-memory and keep track of
> metadata changes as WAL records. This should be used along the remote write's
> `send_metadata` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, Prometheus will store metadata in-memory and keep track of
metadata changes as WAL records. If you want to stream that metadata via Remote-Write 2.0, use the new remote write's `send_wal_metadata` parameter.

This way of sending metadata cannot be used with Remote Write 1.x.
```

> This new way of storing and sending metadata is mutually exclusive with the
> `metadata_config.send` field and the current way of sending metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new way of storing and sending metadata is mutually exclusive with the
`metadata_config.send` field and the experimental, Remote Write 1.x way of sending metadata.
```
